projects/ngx-octicons/README.md, before:

# NgxOcticons

This is a little library to provide an angularistic interface (a directive) in apps. The repository contains of an angular workspace which contains two applications: 

1. ngx-octicons, the library
2. demo, the development app 

## usage

to install, simply

    npm install --save ngx-octicons

Afterwards just import the Module into your Application

    import { NgxOcticonsModule } from 'ngx-octicons';


    @NgModule({
      declarations: [
        AppComponent
      ],
      imports: [
        BrowserModule,
        NgxOcticonsModule
      ],
      providers: [],
      bootstrap: [AppComponent]
    })
    export class AppModule { }


This library was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.2.11.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name --project ngx-octicons` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module --project ngx-octicons`.
> Note: Don't forget to add `--project ngx-octicons` or else it will be added to the default project in your `angular.json` file. 

## Build

Run `ng build ngx-octicons` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Publishing

After building your library with `ng build ngx-octicons`, go to the dist folder `cd dist/ngx-octicons` and run `npm publish`.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test ngx-octicons` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

added size and color properties, updated readme

projects/ngx-octicons/README.md, after:

# ngx-octicons

This is a little library to provide an angularistic interface (a directive) in apps. The repository contains of an angular workspace which contains two applications: 

1. ngx-octicons, the library
2. demo, the development app 

## usage

to install, simply

    npm install --save ngx-octicons

Afterwards just import the Module into your Application

    import { NgxOcticonsModule } from 'ngx-octicons';


    @NgModule({
      declarations: [
        AppComponent
      ],
      imports: [
        BrowserModule,
        NgxOcticonsModule
      ],
      providers: [],
      bootstrap: [AppComponent]
    })
    export class AppModule { }


This library was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.2.11.

and finally in your template you can do:

    <span octicon="heart"></span>

    <span octicon="gear" color="#552232" size="48"></span>

    <span octicon="shield-lock" color="4985FF" size="96"></span>

    <i octicon="heart" color="red"></i>


you can define the icon, the color and its size!
